to an eclectic level and a high level of income, an erudite level, whatever you would call it.
And one of the theories is unbalanced growth.
I think when I was being interviewed by Earl Rudder, he asked me, how do you make a great university?
And you did ask me this before.
Now my mind is triggered by it.
I said I would follow what we call in economics, and I wrote an article, by the way, on this subject back in that period of time, on unbalanced growth economics.
How to develop a country, how to develop a region, spatial economics, how do you develop a region.
You take advantage of what its basic comparative advantage is and you plug it.
And if you've got a comparative advantage in engineering, well let's go ahead and boost it rapidly, the spillover benefits in time will go across the board.
So I guess really to answer your million dollars now a little more specifically, I would pick out three or four areas that I could unbalance by really shoving it forward, if I could shove it far enough with the minion.
And get those three areas, and that's for accidental thought, say, music.
Let's imagine that the music area is so underprivileged here.
But it can grow rapidly, and it could be so many spillover benefits, including all the way down to architecture or something.
I would plug my money in there.
But from my standpoint, I'd have to have my wife tell him what's going on.
I know so little about music except turning on a record player.
I would check with people I do know and respect and ask them what about their own fields.
Last question.
What feelings do you have for Texas A&M today in your heart?
I wish we were a little more like back in the 80s and 70s.
I'm disturbed very much by a couple of the stories that have come out.
I think Ray Bowen has done a real fine job.
In fact, one of my daughters had rented a house of he and his wife up in Dallas.
My son-in-law, Glenn Blaylock, and my daughter, Pam, they rented a house and now they've moved into their own house.
So I've known Ray in it, in a sense, indirectly that way and by other correspondences.
And from what I knew, he was doing a great job.
I don't like the fact that this student apparently was reprimanded for his statement.
Certainly the kid is entitled to say whatever he wants to in this land of ours.
And frankly, I happen to agree with the kid.
I'll tell you, if I had any loss being said, what school would you send me to if you could tell me where to go?
I've got one grandson going to Texas Tech.
I'm not unhappy about that.
I'd prefer he went to A&M.
Academically, he may not qualify for A&M, but if he did, I'm not even sure he'd go here, but I would want him to go here, because I do like the idea of
are the way we think at A&M.
I don't want us to become too much like those Ivy League schools that used to be so great and in many ways are far from great now, in my opinion.
And I'm including across the board.
They still get most of the prestigious awards, and conceivably they have some of the best minds.
But having known lots of those fellows, I'm not that impressed by where they are teaching or where they got their degrees.
Let's quit there.